Adding meal vouchers as payment method (#618)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/payments-api/create-payment.rst

       Please reach out to your account manager at Mollie to enable this feature with Klarna.

.. _mealvoucher_method_details:

> Meal voucher
> """"""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meal vouchers
"""""""""""""
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - ``issuer``

       .. type:: string
          :required: false

>      - An Meal voucher issuer ID, for example ``passrestaurant``. The returned payment URL will deep-link into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - A meal voucher issuer ID, for example ``passrestaurant``. The returned payment URL will deep-link to the
```

Author: Its always a bit difficult since it is a product name of us.

Reviewer: All other places we don't use capital letters, right?

>      - An meal voucher issuer ID, for example ``passrestaurant``. The returned payment URL will deep-link into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - A meal voucher issuer ID, for example ``passrestaurant``. The returned payment URL will deep link into the
```

       Please reach out to your account manager at Mollie to enable this feature with Klarna.

.. _mealvoucher_method_details:

Meal vouchers
"""""""""""""

> .. note:: Meal vouchers are currently in a closed beta. When you are interesting in using this payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Meal vouchers are currently in a closed beta. When you are interested in using this payment
```

>           method, please reach out to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          method, please reach out to your account manager.
```

Reviewer: Or you can link to this page: https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/meal-and-eco-vouchers
